the airfield inspection is one
of the largest parts of your
periodic inspection
during this inspection
authorized airport personnel
will escort you through the
movement area so you can examine
its features in detail
the flow of the inspection will
vary depending on the airport
layout air traffic weather
conditions and whether or not
another inspector accompanies
you
the airfield inspection is often
completed in one chunk of time
during daylight hours
however it may be completed over
several days a separate night
inspection allows you to return
to examine the airfield after
sunset your approach to the
inspection may also vary
you will either directly inspect
the airport or you may allow the
airport to conduct the
inspection evaluating their self
inspection techniques along the
way
regardless of your approach you
must ensure that all elements of
part 139 are properly evaluated
to ensure compliance in this
module you will learn more about
what you will inspect including
runways taxiways and other paved
areas unpaved Darius and safety
areas markings and signs and
lighting fixtures obstructions
traffic and wind indicators
construction activities Public
Protection nav aids ground
vehicle movement wildlife
hazards and if applicable
snow removal operations this
inspection gives you a snapshot
of the airport's implementation
of their airport certification
manual and their overall
compliance with part 139 as you
complete the module get to know
each area
take note of what to look for
and be sure to jot down any
questions you may have for your
training mentor